source/localizable/routing/defining-your-routes.md, before:

When your application starts, the router matches the current URL to the _routes_
that you've defined. The routes, in turn, are responsible for displaying
templates, loading data, and otherwise setting up application state.

## Basic Routes

The [`map()`](http://emberjs.com/api/classes/Ember.Router.html#method_map) method
of your Ember application's router can be invoked to define URL mappings. When
calling `map()`, you should pass a function that will be invoked with the value
`this` set to an object which you can use to create routes.

```app/router.js
Router.map(function() {
  this.route('about', { path: '/about' });
  this.route('favorites', { path: '/favs' });
});
```

Now, when the user visits `/about`, Ember will render the `about`
template. Visiting `/favs` will render the `favorites` template.

You can leave off the path if it is the same as the route
name. In this case, the following is equivalent to the above example:

```app/router.js
Router.map(function() {
  this.route('about');
  this.route('favorites', { path: '/favs' });
});
```

Inside your templates, you can use [`{{link-to}}`][1] to navigate between
routes, using the name that you provided to the `route` method.

[1]: http://emberjs.com/api/classes/Ember.Templates.helpers.html#method_link-to

```handlebars
{{#link-to "index"}}<img class="logo">{{/link-to}}

<nav>
  {{#link-to "about"}}About{{/link-to}}
  {{#link-to "favorites"}}Favorites{{/link-to}}
</nav>
```

The `{{link-to}}` helper will also add an `active` class to the link that
points to the currently active route.

Multi-word route names are conventionally dasherized, such as:

```app/router.js
Router.map(function() {
  this.route('blog-post', { path: '/blog-post' });
});
```

The route defined above will by default use the `blog-post.js` route handler,
the `blog-post.hbs` template, and be referred to as `blog-post` in any
`{{link-to}}` helpers.

Multi-word route names that break this convention, such as:

```app/router.js
Router.map(function() {
  this.route('blog_post', { path: '/blog-post' });
});
```

will still by default use the `blog-post.js` route handler and the
`blog-post.hbs` template, but will be referred to as `blog_post` in any
`{{link-to}}` helpers.

## Nested Routes

Often you'll want to have a template that displays inside another template.
For example, in a blogging application, instead of going from a list of blog
posts to creating a new post, you might want to have the post creation page
display next to the list.

In these cases, you can use nested routes to display one template inside
of another.

You can define nested routes by passing a callback to `this.route`:

```app/router.js
Router.map(function() {
  this.route('posts', function() {
    this.route('new');
  });
});
```

And then add the `{{outlet}}` helper to your template where you want the nested
template to display:

```templates/posts.hbs
<h1>Posts</h1>
<!-- Display posts and other content -->
{{outlet}}
```

This router creates a route for `/posts` and for `/posts/new`. When a user
visits `/posts`, they'll simply see the `posts.hbs` template. (Below, [index
routes](#toc_index-routes) explains an important addition to this.) When the
user visits `posts/new`, they'll see the `posts/new.hbs` template rendered into
the `{{outlet}}` of the `posts` template.

A nested route's names includes the names of its ancestors.
If you want to transition to a route (either
via `transitionTo` or `{{#link-to}}`), make sure to use the full route
name (`posts.new`, not `new`).

## The application route

The `application` route is entered when your app first boots up. Like other
routes, it will load a template with the same name (`application` in
this case) by default.
You should put your header, footer, and any other decorative content
here. All other routes will render
their templates into the `application.hbs` template's `{{outlet}}`.

This route is part of every application, so you don't need to
specify it in your `app/router.js`.

## Index Routes

At every level of nesting (including the top level), Ember
automatically provides a route for the `/` path named `index`.
To see when a new level of nesting occurs, check the router,
whenever you see a `function`, that's a new level.

For example, if you write a simple router like this:

```app/router.js
Router.map(function(){
  this.route('favorites');
});
```

It is the equivalent of:

```app/router.js
Router.map(function(){
  this.route('index', { path: '/' });
  this.route('favorites');
});
```

The `index` template will be rendered into the `{{outlet}}` in the
`application` template. If the user navigates to `/favorites`,
Ember will replace the `index` template with the `favorites`
template.

A nested router like this:

```app/router.js
Router.map(function() {
  this.route('posts', function() {
    this.route('favorites');
  });
});
```

Is the equivalent of:

```app/router.js
Router.map(function(){
  this.route('index', { path: '/' });
  this.route('posts', function() {
    this.route('index', { path: '/' });
    this.route('favorites');
  });
});
```

If the user navigates to `/posts`, the current route will be
`posts.index`, and the `posts/index` template
will be rendered into the `{{outlet}}` in the `posts` template.

If the user then navigates to `/posts/favorites`, Ember will
replace the `{{outlet}}` in the `posts` template with the
`posts/favorites` template.

## Dynamic Segments

One of the responsibilities of a route is to load a model.

For example, if we have the route `this.route('posts');`, our
route might load all of the blog posts for the app.

Because `/posts` represents a fixed model, we don't need any
additional information to know what to retrieve.  However, if we want a route
to represent a single post, we would not want to have to hardcode every
possible post into the router.

Enter _dynamic segments_.

A dynamic segment is a portion of a URL that starts with a `:` and is
followed by an identifier.

```app/router.js
Router.map(function() {
  this.route('posts');
  this.route('post', { path: '/post/:post_id' });
});
```

If the user navigates to `/post/5`, the route will then have the `post_id` of
`5` to use to load the correct post.
Ember follows the convention of `:model-name_id` for two reasons.
The first reason is that Routes know how to fetch the right model by default, if you follow the convention.
The second is that `params` is an object, and can only have one value associated with a key.
To put it in code, the following will *not* work properly:

```app/router.js
Router.map(function() {
  this.route("photo", { path: "photo/:id" }, function() {
    this.route("comment", { path: "comment/:id" });
  });
});
```

But the following will:

```app/router.js
Router.map(function() {
  this.route("photo", { path: "photo/:photo_id" }, function() {
    this.route("comment", { path: "comment/:comment_id" });
  });
});
```

In the next section, [Specifying a Route's Model](../specifying-a-routes-model), you will learn more about how to load a model.

## Wildcard / globbing routes

You can define wildcard routes that will match multiple URL segments. This could be used, for example,
if you'd like a catch-all route which is useful when the user enters an incorrect URL not managed
by your app.

```app/router.js
Router.map(function() {
  this.route('page-not-found', { path: '/*wildcard' });
});
```

## Route Handlers

To have your route do something beyond render a template with the same name, you'll
need to create a route handler. The following guides will explore the different
features of route handlers. For more information on routes, see the API documentation
for [the router](http://emberjs.com/api/classes/Ember.Router.html) and for [route
handlers](http://emberjs.com/api/classes/Ember.Route.html).

Commit message:

Show how to generate routes with Ember CLI (#1575)
This change shows how to generate routes using Ember CLI. It shows how
to generate a basic route and a nested route too. I thought of using the
`--path` option to specify the paths but looks like CLI has a bug where,
for a nested route, if the parent path is not already defined, it uses
the same path the parent and all child routes.

source/localizable/routing/defining-your-routes.md, after:

When your application starts, the router matches the current URL to the _routes_
that you've defined. The routes, in turn, are responsible for displaying
templates, loading data, and setting up application state.

To define a route, run

```shell
ember generate route route-name
```

This creates a route file at `app/routes/route-name.js`, a template for the route at `app/templates/route-name.hbs`,
and a unit test file at `tests/unit/routes/route-name-test.js`.
It also adds the route to the router.

## Basic Routes

The [`map()`](http://emberjs.com/api/classes/Ember.Router.html#method_map) method
of your Ember application's router can be invoked to define URL mappings. When
calling `map()`, you should pass a function that will be invoked with the value
`this` set to an object which you can use to create routes.

```app/router.js
Router.map(function() {
  this.route('about', { path: '/about' });
  this.route('favorites', { path: '/favs' });
});
```

Now, when the user visits `/about`, Ember will render the `about`
template. Visiting `/favs` will render the `favorites` template.

You can leave off the path if it is the same as the route
name. In this case, the following is equivalent to the above example:

```app/router.js
Router.map(function() {
  this.route('about');
  this.route('favorites', { path: '/favs' });
});
```

Inside your templates, you can use [`{{link-to}}`][1] to navigate between
routes, using the name that you provided to the `route` method.

[1]: http://emberjs.com/api/classes/Ember.Templates.helpers.html#method_link-to

```handlebars
{{#link-to "index"}}<img class="logo">{{/link-to}}

<nav>
  {{#link-to "about"}}About{{/link-to}}
  {{#link-to "favorites"}}Favorites{{/link-to}}
</nav>
```

The `{{link-to}}` helper will also add an `active` class to the link that
points to the currently active route.

Multi-word route names are conventionally dasherized, such as:

```app/router.js
Router.map(function() {
  this.route('blog-post', { path: '/blog-post' });
});
```

The route defined above will by default use the `blog-post.js` route handler,
the `blog-post.hbs` template, and be referred to as `blog-post` in any
`{{link-to}}` helpers.

Multi-word route names that break this convention, such as:

```app/router.js
Router.map(function() {
  this.route('blog_post', { path: '/blog-post' });
});
```

will still by default use the `blog-post.js` route handler and the
`blog-post.hbs` template, but will be referred to as `blog_post` in any
`{{link-to}}` helpers.

## Nested Routes

Often you'll want to have a template that displays inside another template.
For example, in a blogging application, instead of going from a list of blog
posts to creating a new post, you might want to have the post creation page
display next to the list.

In these cases, you can use nested routes to display one template inside
of another.

You can define nested routes by passing a callback to `this.route`:

```app/router.js
Router.map(function() {
  this.route('posts', function() {
    this.route('new');
  });
});
```

To generate the above nested route, run:

```shell
ember generate route posts/new
```

And then add the `{{outlet}}` helper to your template where you want the nested
template to display:

```templates/posts.hbs
<h1>Posts</h1>
<!-- Display posts and other content -->
{{outlet}}
```

This router creates a route for `/posts` and for `/posts/new`. When a user
visits `/posts`, they'll simply see the `posts.hbs` template. (Below, [index
routes](#toc_index-routes) explains an important addition to this.) When the
user visits `posts/new`, they'll see the `posts/new.hbs` template rendered into
the `{{outlet}}` of the `posts` template.

A nested route's names includes the names of its ancestors.
If you want to transition to a route (either
via `transitionTo` or `{{#link-to}}`), make sure to use the full route
name (`posts.new`, not `new`).

## The application route

The `application` route is entered when your app first boots up. Like other
routes, it will load a template with the same name (`application` in
this case) by default.
You should put your header, footer, and any other decorative content
here. All other routes will render
their templates into the `application.hbs` template's `{{outlet}}`.

This route is part of every application, so you don't need to
specify it in your `app/router.js`.

## Index Routes

At every level of nesting (including the top level), Ember
automatically provides a route for the `/` path named `index`.
To see when a new level of nesting occurs, check the router,
whenever you see a `function`, that's a new level.

For example, if you write a simple router like this:

```app/router.js
Router.map(function(){
  this.route('favorites');
});
```

It is the equivalent of:

```app/router.js
Router.map(function(){
  this.route('index', { path: '/' });
  this.route('favorites');
});
```

The `index` template will be rendered into the `{{outlet}}` in the
`application` template. If the user navigates to `/favorites`,
Ember will replace the `index` template with the `favorites`
template.

A nested router like this:

```app/router.js
Router.map(function() {
  this.route('posts', function() {
    this.route('favorites');
  });
});
```

Is the equivalent of:

```app/router.js
Router.map(function(){
  this.route('index', { path: '/' });
  this.route('posts', function() {
    this.route('index', { path: '/' });
    this.route('favorites');
  });
});
```

If the user navigates to `/posts`, the current route will be
`posts.index`, and the `posts/index` template
will be rendered into the `{{outlet}}` in the `posts` template.

If the user then navigates to `/posts/favorites`, Ember will
replace the `{{outlet}}` in the `posts` template with the
`posts/favorites` template.

## Dynamic Segments

One of the responsibilities of a route is to load a model.

For example, if we have the route `this.route('posts');`, our
route might load all of the blog posts for the app.

Because `/posts` represents a fixed model, we don't need any
additional information to know what to retrieve.  However, if we want a route
to represent a single post, we would not want to have to hardcode every
possible post into the router.

Enter _dynamic segments_.

A dynamic segment is a portion of a URL that starts with a `:` and is
followed by an identifier.

```app/router.js
Router.map(function() {
  this.route('posts');
  this.route('post', { path: '/post/:post_id' });
});
```

If the user navigates to `/post/5`, the route will then have the `post_id` of
`5` to use to load the correct post.
Ember follows the convention of `:model-name_id` for two reasons.
The first reason is that Routes know how to fetch the right model by default, if you follow the convention.
The second is that `params` is an object, and can only have one value associated with a key.
To put it in code, the following will *not* work properly:

```app/router.js
Router.map(function() {
  this.route("photo", { path: "photo/:id" }, function() {
    this.route("comment", { path: "comment/:id" });
  });
});
```

But the following will:

```app/router.js
Router.map(function() {
  this.route("photo", { path: "photo/:photo_id" }, function() {
    this.route("comment", { path: "comment/:comment_id" });
  });
});
```

In the next section, [Specifying a Route's Model](../specifying-a-routes-model), you will learn more about how to load a model.

## Wildcard / globbing routes

You can define wildcard routes that will match multiple URL segments. This could be used, for example,
if you'd like a catch-all route which is useful when the user enters an incorrect URL not managed
by your app.

```app/router.js
Router.map(function() {
  this.route('page-not-found', { path: '/*wildcard' });
});
```

## Route Handlers

To have your route do something beyond render a template with the same name, you'll
need to create a route handler. The following guides will explore the different
features of route handlers. For more information on routes, see the API documentation
for [the router](http://emberjs.com/api/classes/Ember.Router.html) and for [route
handlers](http://emberjs.com/api/classes/Ember.Route.html).
