source/object-model/classes-and-instances.md, before:

As you learn about Ember, you'll see code like `Ember.Component.extend()` and
`DS.Model.extend()`. Here, you'll learn about this `extend()` method, as well
as other major features of the Ember object model.

### Defining Classes

To define a new Ember _class_, call the [`extend()`][1] method on
[`Ember.Object`][2]:

[1]: http://emberjs.com/api/classes/Ember.Object.html#method_extend
[2]: http://emberjs.com/api/classes/Ember.Object.html

```javascript
Person = Ember.Object.extend({
  say(thing) {
    alert(thing);
  }
});
```

This defines a new `Person` class with a `say()` method.

You can also create a _subclass_ from any existing class by calling
its `extend()` method. For example, you might want to create a subclass
of Ember's built-in [`Ember.Component`][1] class:

[1]: http://emberjs.com/api/classes/Ember.Component.html

```app/components/todo-item.js
export default Ember.Component.extend({
  classNameBindings: ['isUrgent'],
  isUrgent: true
});
```

When defining a subclass, you can override methods but still access the
implementation of your parent class by calling the special `_super()`
method:

```javascript
Person = Ember.Object.extend({
  say(thing) {
    var name = this.get('name');
    alert(`${name} says: ${thing}`);
  }
});

Soldier = Person.extend({
  say(thing) {
    // this will call the method in the parent class (Person#say), appending
    // the string ', sir!' to the variable `thing` passed in
    this._super(`${thing}, sir!`);
  }
});

var yehuda = Soldier.create({
  name: 'Yehuda Katz'
});

yehuda.say('Yes'); // alerts "Yehuda Katz says: Yes, sir!"
```

### Creating Instances

Once you have defined a class, you can create new _instances_ of that
class by calling its [`create()`][1] method. Any methods, properties and
computed properties you defined on the class will be available to
instances:

[1]: http://emberjs.com/api/classes/Ember.Object.html#method_create

```javascript
var person = Person.create();
person.say('Hello'); // alerts " says: Hello"
```

When creating an instance, you can initialize the values of its properties
by passing an optional hash to the `create()` method:

```javascript
Person = Ember.Object.extend({
  helloWorld() {
    alert(`Hi, my name is ${this.get('name')}`);
  }
});

var tom = Person.create({
  name: 'Tom Dale'
});

tom.helloWorld(); // alerts "Hi, my name is Tom Dale"
```

For performance reasons, note that you cannot redefine an instance's
computed properties or methods when calling `create()`, nor can you
define new ones. You should only set simple properties when calling
`create()`. If you need to define or redefine methods or computed
properties, create a new subclass and instantiate that.

By convention, properties or variables that hold classes are
PascalCased, while instances are not. So, for example, the variable
`Person` would point to a class, while `person` would point to an instance
(usually of the `Person` class). You should stick to these naming
conventions in your Ember applications.

### Initializing Instances

When a new instance is created, its [`init()`][1] method is invoked
automatically. This is the ideal place to implement setup required on new
instances:

[1]: http://emberjs.com/api/classes/Ember.Object.html#method_init

```js
Person = Ember.Object.extend({
  init() {
    var name = this.get('name');
    alert(`${name}, reporting for duty!`);
  }
});

Person.create({
  name: 'Stefan Penner'
});

// alerts "Stefan Penner, reporting for duty!"
```

If you are subclassing a framework class, like `Ember.Component`, and you
override the `init()` method, make sure you call `this._super(...arguments)`!
If you don't, a parent class may not have an opportunity to do important
setup work, and you'll see strange behavior in your application.

### Accessing Object Properties

When accessing the properties of an object, use the [`get()`][1]
and [`set()`][2] accessor methods:

[1]: http://emberjs.com/api/classes/Ember.Object.html#method_get
[2]: http://emberjs.com/api/classes/Ember.Object.html#method_set

```js
var person = Person.create();

var name = person.get('name');
person.set('name', 'Tobias Fünke');
```

Make sure to use these accessor methods; otherwise, computed properties won't
recalculate, observers won't fire, and templates won't update.

Commit message:

Elaborate a little more about `_super()`
This gives the guides a bit more specific link target if you want to reference `_super()`

source/object-model/classes-and-instances.md, after:

As you learn about Ember, you'll see code like `Ember.Component.extend()` and
`DS.Model.extend()`. Here, you'll learn about this `extend()` method, as well
as other major features of the Ember object model.

### Defining Classes

To define a new Ember _class_, call the [`extend()`][1] method on
[`Ember.Object`][2]:

[1]: http://emberjs.com/api/classes/Ember.Object.html#method_extend
[2]: http://emberjs.com/api/classes/Ember.Object.html

```javascript
Person = Ember.Object.extend({
  say(thing) {
    alert(thing);
  }
});
```

This defines a new `Person` class with a `say()` method.

You can also create a _subclass_ from any existing class by calling
its `extend()` method. For example, you might want to create a subclass
of Ember's built-in [`Ember.Component`][1] class:

[1]: http://emberjs.com/api/classes/Ember.Component.html

```app/components/todo-item.js
export default Ember.Component.extend({
  classNameBindings: ['isUrgent'],
  isUrgent: true
});
```

####Overriding Parent Class Methods

When defining a subclass, you can override methods but still access the
implementation of your parent class by calling the special `_super()`
method:

```javascript
Person = Ember.Object.extend({
  say(thing) {
    var name = this.get('name');
    alert(`${name} says: ${thing}`);
  }
});

Soldier = Person.extend({
  say(thing) {
    // this will call the method in the parent class (Person#say), appending
    // the string ', sir!' to the variable `thing` passed in
    this._super(`${thing}, sir!`);
  }
});

var yehuda = Soldier.create({
  name: 'Yehuda Katz'
});

yehuda.say('Yes'); // alerts "Yehuda Katz says: Yes, sir!"
```

In certain cases, you will want to pass arguments to `_super()` before or after overriding.

This allows the original method to continue operating as it normally would.

One common example is when overriding the [`normalizeResponse()`][3] hook in one of Ember-Data's serializers.

A handy shortcut for this is to use a "spread operator", like `...arguments`:

[3]: http://emberjs.com/api/data/classes/DS.JSONAPISerializer.html#method_normalizeResponse

```javascript
normalizeResponse(store, primaryModelClass, payload, id, requestType)  {
  // Customize my JSON payload for Ember-Data
  return this._super(...arguments);
}
```

The above example returns the original arguments (after your customizations) back to the parent class, so it can continue with its normal operations.

### Creating Instances

Once you have defined a class, you can create new _instances_ of that
class by calling its [`create()`][1] method. Any methods, properties and
computed properties you defined on the class will be available to
instances:

[1]: http://emberjs.com/api/classes/Ember.Object.html#method_create

```javascript
var person = Person.create();
person.say('Hello'); // alerts " says: Hello"
```

When creating an instance, you can initialize the values of its properties
by passing an optional hash to the `create()` method:

```javascript
Person = Ember.Object.extend({
  helloWorld() {
    alert(`Hi, my name is ${this.get('name')}`);
  }
});

var tom = Person.create({
  name: 'Tom Dale'
});

tom.helloWorld(); // alerts "Hi, my name is Tom Dale"
```

For performance reasons, note that you cannot redefine an instance's
computed properties or methods when calling `create()`, nor can you
define new ones. You should only set simple properties when calling
`create()`. If you need to define or redefine methods or computed
properties, create a new subclass and instantiate that.

By convention, properties or variables that hold classes are
PascalCased, while instances are not. So, for example, the variable
`Person` would point to a class, while `person` would point to an instance
(usually of the `Person` class). You should stick to these naming
conventions in your Ember applications.

### Initializing Instances

When a new instance is created, its [`init()`][1] method is invoked
automatically. This is the ideal place to implement setup required on new
instances:

[1]: http://emberjs.com/api/classes/Ember.Object.html#method_init

```js
Person = Ember.Object.extend({
  init() {
    var name = this.get('name');
    alert(`${name}, reporting for duty!`);
  }
});

Person.create({
  name: 'Stefan Penner'
});

// alerts "Stefan Penner, reporting for duty!"
```

If you are subclassing a framework class, like `Ember.Component`, and you
override the `init()` method, make sure you call `this._super(...arguments)`!
If you don't, a parent class may not have an opportunity to do important
setup work, and you'll see strange behavior in your application.

### Accessing Object Properties

When accessing the properties of an object, use the [`get()`][1]
and [`set()`][2] accessor methods:

[1]: http://emberjs.com/api/classes/Ember.Object.html#method_get
[2]: http://emberjs.com/api/classes/Ember.Object.html#method_set

```js
var person = Person.create();

var name = person.get('name');
person.set('name', 'Tobias Fünke');
```

Make sure to use these accessor methods; otherwise, computed properties won't
recalculate, observers won't fire, and templates won't update.
