source/configuring-ember/specifying-url-type.md, before:

By default the Router uses the browser's hash to load the starting state of your
application and will keep it in sync as you move around. At present, this relies
on a [hashchange](http://caniuse.com/hashchange) event existing in the browser.

Given the following router, entering `/#/posts/new` will take you to the `posts.new`
route.

```app/router.js
Router.map(function() {
  this.route('posts', function() {
    this.route('new');
  });
});
```

If you want to remove the `#/` at the beginning so that the URL is simply `/posts/new`,
you can tell the Router to use the browser's [history](http://caniuse.com/history) API.

Keep in mind that your server must serve the Ember app from all the URLs defined in your
`Router.map` function.

```app/router.js
Ember.Router.extend({
  location: 'history'
});
```

You can tell Ember to use the best location option based on browser support by
specifying `auto` for the location. Ember will then use `history` if supported
by the user's browser and fall back to `hash` otherwise.

Finally, if you don't want the browser's URL to interact with your application
at all, you can disable the location API entirely. This is useful for
testing, or when you need to manage state with your Router, but temporarily
don't want it to muck with the URL (for example when you embed your
application in a larger page).

```app/router.js
Ember.Router.extend({
  location: 'none'
});
```

Commit message:

update the url type configuration info for ember cli and clarity

source/configuring-ember/specifying-url-type.md, after:

The Ember router has four options to manage your application's URL:  `history`,
which uses the HTML5 History API; `hash`, which uses anchor-based URLs; `auto`,
which uses `history` if supported by the user's browser, and falls back to
`hash` otherwise; and `none`, which doesn't update the URL. By default, Ember
CLI configures the router to use `auto`. You can change this option in
`config/environment.js` under `ENV.locationType`.

## history

When using `history`, Ember uses the browser's
[history](http://caniuse.com/history) API to produce URLs with a structure like
`/posts/new`.

Given the following router, entering `/posts/new` will take you to the `posts.new`
route.

```app/router.js
Router.map(function() {
  this.route('posts', function() {
    this.route('new');
  });
});
```

Keep in mind that your server must serve the Ember app from all the URLs defined in your
`Router.map` function. In other words, if your user directly navigates to
`/posts/new`, your server must be configured to serve your Ember app in
response.

## hash

The `hash` option uses the URL's anchor to load the starting state of your
application and will keep it in sync as you move around. At present, this relies
on a [hashchange](http://caniuse.com/hashchange) event existing in the browser.

In the router example above, entering `/#/posts/new` will take you to the `posts.new`
route.

## none

Finally, if you don't want the browser's URL to interact with your application
at all, you can disable the location API entirely by setting `ENV.locationType`
to `none`. This is useful for
testing, or when you don't want Ember to muck with the URL (for example when you embed your
application in a larger page).
