source/templates/writing-helpers.md, before:

Sometimes, you may use the same HTML in your application multiple times. In those cases, you can register a custom helper that can be invoked from any Handlebars template.

For example, imagine you are frequently wrapping certain values in a `<span>` tag with a custom class. You can register a helper from your JavaScript like this:

```app/helpers/highlight.js
export default Ember.Handlebars.makeBoundHelper( function(value, options) {
  var escaped = Ember.Handlebars.Utils.escapeExpression(value);
  return new Ember.Handlebars.SafeString('<span class="highlight">' + escaped + '</span>');
});
```

If you return HTML from a helper, and you don't want it to be escaped,
make sure to return a new `SafeString`. Make sure you first escape any
user data!

Anywhere in your Handlebars templates, you can now invoke this helper:

```handlebars
{{highlight name}}
```

and it will output the following:

```html
<span class="highlight">Peter</span>
```

If the `name` property on the current context changes, Ember.js will
automatically execute the helper again and update the DOM with the new
value.

### Dependencies

Imagine you want to render the full name of a `Person`. In this
case, you will want to update the output if the person itself changes,
or if the `firstName` or `lastName` properties change.

```app/helpers/full-name.js
export default Ember.Handlebars.makeBoundHelper( function(person) {
  return person.get('firstName') + ' ' + person.get('lastName');
}, 'firstName', 'lastName');
```

You would use the helper like this:

```handlebars
{{fullName person}}
```

Now, whenever the context's person changes, or when any of the
_dependent keys_ change, the output will automatically update.

Both the path passed to the `fullName` helper and its dependent keys may
be full _property paths_ (e.g. `person.address.country`).

Commit message:

Make a note about undasherized helpers
I might be completely off my rocker, but I had a bit of difficulty while trying to register a helper named 'thumbnail' today. This documentation fix should save other weirdos some time, assuming it's correct and they want to register single word helpers. It appears to be correct on my end, and the (ember-cli docs)[https://ember-cli.com] agree with me, but I would love a few more eyeballs on this. Some things that concerns me about the current documentation: The Ember API docs indicate that (`Ember.Handlebars.makeBoundHelper`)[mbh] and (`Ember.Handlebars.registerBoundHelper`)[rbh] are private. Is that true? If so, what should we use instead? Additionally, I couldn't find any API documentation about `Ember.Handlebars.registerHelper`, but it's what I have to use to register a helper. Is there another method of registering single word helpers I'm unaware of?

Here's what I'm got locally:
```
> ember -v
version: 0.2.7
node: 0.12.1
npm: 2.11.0
```

[mbh]: http://emberjs.com/api/classes/Ember.Handlebars.html#method_makeBoundHelper
[rbh]: http://emberjs.com/api/classes/Ember.Handlebars.html#method_registerBoundHelper

source/templates/writing-helpers.md, after:

Sometimes, you may use the same HTML in your application multiple times. In those cases, you can register a custom helper that can be invoked from any Handlebars template.

For example, imagine you are frequently wrapping certain values in a `<span>` tag with a custom class. You can register a helper from your JavaScript like this:

```app/helpers/highlight.js
export default Ember.Handlebars.makeBoundHelper( function(value, options) {
  var escaped = Ember.Handlebars.Utils.escapeExpression(value);
  return new Ember.Handlebars.SafeString('<span class="highlight">' + escaped + '</span>');
});
```

If you return HTML from a helper, and you don't want it to be escaped,
make sure to return a new `SafeString`. Make sure you first escape any
user data!

Anywhere in your Handlebars templates, you can now invoke this helper:

```handlebars
{{highlight name}}
```

and it will output the following:

```html
<span class="highlight">Peter</span>
```

If the `name` property on the current context changes, Ember.js will
automatically execute the helper again and update the DOM with the new
value.

### Undasherized helpers

Helpers without a dash in their name won't be autoloaded by Ember. You can still use them, but you'll need to register them in an initializer, or in `app/app.js`.

```app/app.js
Ember.Handlerbars.registerHelper('highlight', highlight);
```

### Dependencies

Imagine you want to render the full name of a `Person`. In this
case, you will want to update the output if the person itself changes,
or if the `firstName` or `lastName` properties change.

```app/helpers/full-name.js
export default Ember.Handlebars.makeBoundHelper( function(person) {
  return person.get('firstName') + ' ' + person.get('lastName');
}, 'firstName', 'lastName');
```

You would use the helper like this:

```handlebars
{{fullName person}}
```

Now, whenever the context's person changes, or when any of the
_dependent keys_ change, the output will automatically update.

Both the path passed to the `fullName` helper and its dependent keys may
be full _property paths_ (e.g. `person.address.country`).
