source/testing/test-helpers.md, before:

One of the major issues in testing web applications is that all code is
event-driven, therefore has the potential to be asynchronous (ie output can
happen out of sequence from input). This has the ramification that code can be
executed in any order.

An example may help here: Let's say a user clicks two buttons, one after another
and both load data from different servers. They take different times to respond.

When writing your tests, you need to be keenly aware of the fact that you cannot
be sure that the response will return immediately after you make your requests,
therefore your assertion code (the "tester") needs to wait for the thing being
tested (the "testee") to be in a synchronized state. In the example above, that
would be when both servers have responded and the test code can go about its
business checking the data (whether it is mock data, or real data).

This is why all Ember's test helpers are wrapped in code that ensures Ember is
back in a synchronized state when it makes its assertions. It saves you from
having to wrap everything in code that does that, and it makes it easier to read
your tests because there's less boilerplate in them.

Ember includes several helpers to facilitate acceptance testing. There are two
types of helpers: **asynchronous** and **synchronous**.

### Asynchronous Helpers

Asynchronous helpers are "aware" of (and wait for) asynchronous behavior within
your application, making it much easier to write deterministic tests.

Also, these helpers register themselves in the order that you call them and will
be run in a chain; each one is only called after the previous one finishes, in a
chain. You can rest assured, therefore, that the order you call them in will also
be their execution order, and that the previous helper has finished before the
next one starts.

* `click(selector)`
  - Clicks an element and triggers any actions triggered by the element's `click`
    event and returns a promise that fulfills when all resulting async behavior
    is complete.
* `fillIn(selector, text)`
  - Fills in the selected input with the given text and returns a promise that
     fulfills when all resulting async behavior is complete.
* `keyEvent(selector, type, keyCode)`
  - Simulates a key event type, e.g. `keypress`, `keydown`, `keyup` with the
    desired keyCode on element found by the selector.
* `triggerEvent(selector, type, options)`
  - Triggers the given event, e.g. `blur`, `dblclick` on the element identified
    by the provided selector.
* `visit(url)`
  - Visits the given route and returns a promise that fulfills when all resulting
     async behavior is complete.

### Synchronous Helpers

Synchronous helpers are performed immediately when triggered.

* `currentPath()`
  - Returns the current path.
* `currentRouteName()`
  - Returns the currently active route name.
* `currentURL()`
  - Returns the current URL.
* `find(selector, context)`
  - Finds an element within the app's root element and within the context
    (optional). Scoping to the root element is especially useful to avoid
    conflicts with the test framework's reporter, and this is done by default
    if the context is not specified.

### Wait Helpers

The `andThen` helper will wait for all preceding asynchronous helpers to
complete prior to progressing forward. Let's take a look at the following
example.

```tests/acceptance/new-post-appears-first-test.js
test('simple test', function(assert) {
  assert.expect(1); // Ensure that we will perform one assertion

  visit('/posts/new');
  fillIn('input.title', 'My new post');
  click('button.submit');

  // Wait for asynchronous helpers above to complete
  andThen(function() {
    assert.equal(find('ul.posts li:first').text(), 'My new post');
  });
});
```

First we tell QUnit that this test should have one assertion made by the end 
of the test by calling `assert.expect` with an argument of `1`. We then visit the new
posts URL "/posts/new", enter the text "My new post" into an input control
with the CSS class "title", and click on a button whose class is "submit".

We then make a call to the `andThen` helper which will wait for the preceding
asynchronous test helpers to complete (specifically, `andThen` will only be
called **after** the new posts URL was visited, the text filled in and the
submit button was clicked, **and** the browser has returned from doing whatever
those actions required). Note `andThen` has a single argument of the function
that contains the code to execute after the other test helpers have finished.

In the `andThen` helper, we finally make our call to `assert.equal` which makes an
assertion that the text found in the first li of the ul whose class is "posts"
is equal to "My new post".

### Custom Test Helpers

For creating your own test helper, just run `ember generate test-helper
<helper-name>`. Here is the result of running `ember g test-helper
shouldHaveElementWithCount`:

```tests/helpers/should-have-element-with-count.js
export default Ember.Test.registerAsyncHelper(
    'shouldHaveElementWithCount', function(app) {

});
```

`Ember.Test.registerAsyncHelper` and `Ember.Test.registerHelper` are used to
register test helpers that will be injected when `startApp` is
called. The difference between `Ember.Test.registerHelper` and
`Ember.Test.registerAsyncHelper` is that the latter will not run until any
previous async helper has completed and any subsequent async helper will wait
for it to finish before running.

The helper method will always be called with the current Application as the
first parameter and `assert` as the second one. Helpers need to be registered prior to calling
`startApp`, but ember-cli will take care of it for you.

Here is an example of a non-async helper:

```tests/helpers/should-have-element-with-count.js
export default Ember.Test.registerHelper(
    'shouldHaveElementWithCount',
    function(app, assert, selector, n, context) {

    var el = findWithAssert(selector, context);
    var count = el.length;
    assert.equal(n, count, 'found ' + count + ' times');
  }
);

// shouldHaveElementWithCount(assert, "ul li", 3);
```

Here is an example of an async helper:

```tests/helpers/dblclick.js
export default Ember.Test.registerAsyncHelper('dblclick',
  function(app, assert, selector, context) {
    var $el = findWithAssert(selector, context);
    Ember.run(function() {
      $el.dblclick();
    });
  }
);

// dblclick("#person-1")
```

Async helpers also come in handy when you want to group interaction
into one helper. For example:

```tests/helpers/add-contact.js
export default Ember.Test.registerAsyncHelper('addContact',
  function(app, assert, name, context) {
    fillIn('#name', name);
    click('button.create');
  }
);

Finally, don't forget to add your helpers in `tests/.jshintrc` and in 
`tests/helpers/start-app.js`. In `tests/.jshintrc` you need to add it in the
`predef` section, otherwise you will get failing jshint tests:

```tests/.jshintc
{
  "predef": [
    "document",
    "window",
    "location",
    ...
    "shouldHaveElementWithCount",
    "dblclick",
    "addContact"
  ],
  ...
}
```

In `tests/helpers/start-app.js` you just need to import the helper file: it
will be registered then.

```tests/helpers/start-app.js
import Ember from 'ember';
import Application from '../../app';
import Router from '../../router';
import config from '../../config/environment';
import shouldHaveElementWithCount from "./should-have-element-with-count";
import dblclick from "./dblclick";
import addContact from "./add-contact";
```

// addContact("Bob");
// addContact("Dan");
```

Commit message:

test-helpers.md correction
Correct statement about what parameters are automatically provided to registered helpers.

source/testing/test-helpers.md, after:

One of the major issues in testing web applications is that all code is
event-driven, therefore has the potential to be asynchronous (ie output can
happen out of sequence from input). This has the ramification that code can be
executed in any order.

An example may help here: Let's say a user clicks two buttons, one after another
and both load data from different servers. They take different times to respond.

When writing your tests, you need to be keenly aware of the fact that you cannot
be sure that the response will return immediately after you make your requests,
therefore your assertion code (the "tester") needs to wait for the thing being
tested (the "testee") to be in a synchronized state. In the example above, that
would be when both servers have responded and the test code can go about its
business checking the data (whether it is mock data, or real data).

This is why all Ember's test helpers are wrapped in code that ensures Ember is
back in a synchronized state when it makes its assertions. It saves you from
having to wrap everything in code that does that, and it makes it easier to read
your tests because there's less boilerplate in them.

Ember includes several helpers to facilitate acceptance testing. There are two
types of helpers: **asynchronous** and **synchronous**.

### Asynchronous Helpers

Asynchronous helpers are "aware" of (and wait for) asynchronous behavior within
your application, making it much easier to write deterministic tests.

Also, these helpers register themselves in the order that you call them and will
be run in a chain; each one is only called after the previous one finishes, in a
chain. You can rest assured, therefore, that the order you call them in will also
be their execution order, and that the previous helper has finished before the
next one starts.

* `click(selector)`
  - Clicks an element and triggers any actions triggered by the element's `click`
    event and returns a promise that fulfills when all resulting async behavior
    is complete.
* `fillIn(selector, text)`
  - Fills in the selected input with the given text and returns a promise that
     fulfills when all resulting async behavior is complete.
* `keyEvent(selector, type, keyCode)`
  - Simulates a key event type, e.g. `keypress`, `keydown`, `keyup` with the
    desired keyCode on element found by the selector.
* `triggerEvent(selector, type, options)`
  - Triggers the given event, e.g. `blur`, `dblclick` on the element identified
    by the provided selector.
* `visit(url)`
  - Visits the given route and returns a promise that fulfills when all resulting
     async behavior is complete.

### Synchronous Helpers

Synchronous helpers are performed immediately when triggered.

* `currentPath()`
  - Returns the current path.
* `currentRouteName()`
  - Returns the currently active route name.
* `currentURL()`
  - Returns the current URL.
* `find(selector, context)`
  - Finds an element within the app's root element and within the context
    (optional). Scoping to the root element is especially useful to avoid
    conflicts with the test framework's reporter, and this is done by default
    if the context is not specified.

### Wait Helpers

The `andThen` helper will wait for all preceding asynchronous helpers to
complete prior to progressing forward. Let's take a look at the following
example.

```tests/acceptance/new-post-appears-first-test.js
test('simple test', function(assert) {
  assert.expect(1); // Ensure that we will perform one assertion

  visit('/posts/new');
  fillIn('input.title', 'My new post');
  click('button.submit');

  // Wait for asynchronous helpers above to complete
  andThen(function() {
    assert.equal(find('ul.posts li:first').text(), 'My new post');
  });
});
```

First we tell QUnit that this test should have one assertion made by the end 
of the test by calling `assert.expect` with an argument of `1`. We then visit the new
posts URL "/posts/new", enter the text "My new post" into an input control
with the CSS class "title", and click on a button whose class is "submit".

We then make a call to the `andThen` helper which will wait for the preceding
asynchronous test helpers to complete (specifically, `andThen` will only be
called **after** the new posts URL was visited, the text filled in and the
submit button was clicked, **and** the browser has returned from doing whatever
those actions required). Note `andThen` has a single argument of the function
that contains the code to execute after the other test helpers have finished.

In the `andThen` helper, we finally make our call to `assert.equal` which makes an
assertion that the text found in the first li of the ul whose class is "posts"
is equal to "My new post".

### Custom Test Helpers

For creating your own test helper, just run `ember generate test-helper
<helper-name>`. Here is the result of running `ember g test-helper
shouldHaveElementWithCount`:

```tests/helpers/should-have-element-with-count.js
export default Ember.Test.registerAsyncHelper(
    'shouldHaveElementWithCount', function(app) {

});
```

`Ember.Test.registerAsyncHelper` and `Ember.Test.registerHelper` are used to
register test helpers that will be injected when `startApp` is
called. The difference between `Ember.Test.registerHelper` and
`Ember.Test.registerAsyncHelper` is that the latter will not run until any
previous async helper has completed and any subsequent async helper will wait
for it to finish before running.

The helper method will always be called with the current Application as the
first parameter. Other parameters need to be provided when calling the helper. Helpers need to be registered prior to calling
`startApp`, but ember-cli will take care of it for you.

Here is an example of a non-async helper:

```tests/helpers/should-have-element-with-count.js
export default Ember.Test.registerHelper(
    'shouldHaveElementWithCount',
    function(app, assert, selector, n, context) {

    var el = findWithAssert(selector, context);
    var count = el.length;
    assert.equal(n, count, 'found ' + count + ' times');
  }
);

// shouldHaveElementWithCount(assert, "ul li", 3);
```

Here is an example of an async helper:

```tests/helpers/dblclick.js
export default Ember.Test.registerAsyncHelper('dblclick',
  function(app, assert, selector, context) {
    var $el = findWithAssert(selector, context);
    Ember.run(function() {
      $el.dblclick();
    });
  }
);

// dblclick("#person-1")
```

Async helpers also come in handy when you want to group interaction
into one helper. For example:

```tests/helpers/add-contact.js
export default Ember.Test.registerAsyncHelper('addContact',
  function(app, assert, name, context) {
    fillIn('#name', name);
    click('button.create');
  }
);

Finally, don't forget to add your helpers in `tests/.jshintrc` and in 
`tests/helpers/start-app.js`. In `tests/.jshintrc` you need to add it in the
`predef` section, otherwise you will get failing jshint tests:

```tests/.jshintc
{
  "predef": [
    "document",
    "window",
    "location",
    ...
    "shouldHaveElementWithCount",
    "dblclick",
    "addContact"
  ],
  ...
}
```

In `tests/helpers/start-app.js` you just need to import the helper file: it
will be registered then.

```tests/helpers/start-app.js
import Ember from 'ember';
import Application from '../../app';
import Router from '../../router';
import config from '../../config/environment';
import shouldHaveElementWithCount from "./should-have-element-with-count";
import dblclick from "./dblclick";
import addContact from "./add-contact";
```

// addContact("Bob");
// addContact("Dan");
```
