source/localizable/getting-started/quick-start.md, before:

This guide will teach you how to build a simple app using Ember from
scratch.

We'll cover these steps:

1. Installing Ember.
2. Creating a new application.
3. Defining a route.
4. Writing a UI component.
5. Building your app to be deployed to production.

## Install Ember

You can install Ember with a single command using npm, the Node.js package
manager. Type this into your terminal:

```sh
npm install -g ember-cli
```

Don't have npm? [Learn how to install Node.js and npm here][npm].
For a full list of dependencies necessary for an Ember CLI project, consult our [Installing Ember](../../getting-started/) guide.

[npm]: https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/installing-node

## Create a New Application

Once you've installed Ember CLI via npm, you will have access to a new
`ember` command in your terminal. You can use the `ember new` command to
create a new application.

```sh
ember new ember-quickstart
```

This one command will create a new directory called `ember-quickstart`
and set up a new Ember application inside of it.  Out of the box, your
application will include:

* A development server.
* Template compilation.
* JavaScript and CSS minification.
* ES2015 features via Babel.

By providing everything you need to build production-ready web
applications in an integrated package, Ember makes starting new projects
a breeze.

Let's make sure everything is working properly. `cd` into the application
directory `ember-quickstart` and start the development server by typing:

```sh
cd ember-quickstart
ember server
```

After a few seconds, you should see output that looks like this:

```text
Livereload server on http://localhost:49152
Serving on http://localhost:4200/
```

(To stop the server at any time, type Ctrl-C in your terminal.)

Open [`http://localhost:4200`](http://localhost:4200) in your browser
of choice. You should see an Ember welcome page and not much
else. Congratulations! You just created and booted your first Ember
app.

Let's create a new template using the `ember generate` command.

```sh
ember generate template application
```

The `application` template is always on screen while the user has your
application loaded. In your editor, open
`app/templates/application.hbs` and add the following:

```app/templates/application.hbs
<h1>PeopleTracker</h1>

{{outlet}}
```

Notice that Ember detects the new file and automatically reloads the
page for you in the background. You should see that the welcome page
has been replaced by "PeopleTracker".

## Define a Route

Let's build an application that shows a list of scientists. To do that,
the first step is to create a route. For now, you can think of routes as
being the different pages that make up your application.

Ember comes with _generators_ that automate the boilerplate code for
common tasks. To generate a route, type this in your terminal:

```sh
ember generate route scientists
```

You'll see output like this:

```text
installing route
  create app/routes/scientists.js
  create app/templates/scientists.hbs
updating router
  add route scientists
installing route-test
  create tests/unit/routes/scientists-test.js
```

That's Ember telling you that it has created:

1. A template to be displayed when the user visits `/scientists`.
2. A `Route` object that fetches the model used by that template.
3. An entry in the application's router (located in `app/router.js`).
4. A unit test for this route.

Open the newly-created template in `app/templates/scientists.hbs` and add
the following HTML:

```app/templates/scientists.hbs
<h2>List of Scientists</h2>
```

In your browser, open
[`http://localhost:4200/scientists`](http://localhost:4200/scientists). You should
see the `<h2>` you put in the `scientists.hbs` template, right below the
`<h1>` from our `application.hbs` template.

Now that we've got the `scientists` template rendering, let's give it some
data to render. We do that by specifying a _model_ for that route, and
we can specify a model by editing `app/routes/scientists.js`.

We'll take the code created for us by the generator and add a `model()`
method to the `Route`:

```app/routes/scientists.js{+4,+5,+6}
import Ember from 'ember';

export default Ember.Route.extend({
  model() {
    return ['Marie Curie', 'Mae Jemison', 'Albert Hofmann'];
  }
});
```

(This code example uses the latest features in JavaScript, some of which
you may not be familiar with. Learn more with this [overview of the
newest JavaScript features][es6-bullet-points].)

[es6-bullet-points]: https://ponyfoo.com/articles/es6

In a route's `model()` method, you return whatever data you want to make
available to the template. If you need to fetch data asynchronously, the
`model()` method supports any library that uses [JavaScript
Promises][promises].

[promises]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise

Now let's tell Ember how to turn that array of strings into HTML. Open
the `scientists` template and add some Handlebars code to loop through the
array and print it:

```app/templates/scientists.hbs{+3,+4,+5,+6,+7}
<h2>List of Scientists</h2>

<ul>
  {{#each model as |scientist|}}
    <li>{{scientist}}</li>
  {{/each}}
</ul>
```

Here, we use the `each` helper to loop over each item in the array we
provided from the `model()` hook and print it inside an `<li>` element.

## Create a UI Component

As your application grows and you notice you are sharing UI elements
between multiple pages (or using them multiple times on the same page),
Ember makes it easy to refactor your templates into reusable components.

Let's create a `people-list` component that we can use
in multiple places to show a list of people.

As usual, there's a generator that makes this easy for us. Make a new
component by typing:

```sh
ember generate component people-list
```

Copy and paste the `scientists` template into the `people-list`
component's template and edit it to look as follows:

```app/templates/components/people-list.hbs
<h2>{{title}}</h2>

<ul>
  {{#each people as |person|}}
    <li>{{person}}</li>
  {{/each}}
</ul>
```

Note that we've changed the title from a hard-coded string ("List of
Scientists") to a dynamic property (`{{title}}`). We've also renamed
`scientist` to the more-generic `person`, decreasing the coupling of our
component to where it's used.

Save this template and switch back to the `scientists` template. Replace all
our old code with our new componentized version. Components look like
HTML tags but instead of using angle brackets (`<tag>`) they use double
curly braces (`{{component}}`). We're going to tell our component:

1. What title to use, via the `title` attribute.
2. What array of people to use, via the `people` attribute. We'll
   provide this route's `model` as the list of people.

```app/templates/scientists.hbs{-1,-2,-3,-4,-5,-6,-7,+8}
<h2>List of Scientists</h2>

<ul>
  {{#each model as |scientist|}}
    <li>{{scientist}}</li>
  {{/each}}
</ul>
{{people-list title="List of Scientists" people=model}}
```

Go back to your browser and you should see that the UI looks identical.
The only difference is that now we've componentized our list into a
version that's more reusable and more maintainable.

You can see this in action if you create a new route that shows a
different list of people. As an exercise for the reader, you may try to
create a `programmers` route that shows a list of famous programmers. By
re-using the `people-list` component, you can do it in almost no code at
all.

## Building For Production

Now that we've written our application and verified that it works in
development, it's time to get it ready to deploy to our users. To do so,
run the following command:

```sh
ember build --env production
```

The `build` command packages up all of the assets that make up your
application&mdash;JavaScript, templates, CSS, web fonts, images, and
more.

In this case, we told Ember to build for the production environment via
the `--env` flag. This creates an optimized bundle that's ready to
upload to your web host. Once the build finishes, you'll find all of the
concatenated and minified assets in your application's `dist/`
directory.

The Ember community values collaboration and building common tools that
everyone relies on. If you're interested in deploying your app to
production in a fast and reliable way, check out the [Ember CLI
Deploy][ember-deploy] addon.

[ember-deploy]: http://ember-cli-deploy.com/

If you deploy your application to an Apache web server, first create a new virtual host for the application.
To make sure all routes are handled by index.html,
add the following directive to the application's virtual host configuration
```
FallbackResource index.html
```

Commit message:

Explain what an outlet is. (#1728)
* Explain what an outlet is.

I'm not sure of the best way to word it, but the outlet should be explained. I pulled this copy from 2.7's guide.

* Update quick-start.md

source/localizable/getting-started/quick-start.md, after:

This guide will teach you how to build a simple app using Ember from
scratch.

We'll cover these steps:

1. Installing Ember.
2. Creating a new application.
3. Defining a route.
4. Writing a UI component.
5. Building your app to be deployed to production.

## Install Ember

You can install Ember with a single command using npm, the Node.js package
manager. Type this into your terminal:

```sh
npm install -g ember-cli
```

Don't have npm? [Learn how to install Node.js and npm here][npm].
For a full list of dependencies necessary for an Ember CLI project, consult our [Installing Ember](../../getting-started/) guide.

[npm]: https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/installing-node

## Create a New Application

Once you've installed Ember CLI via npm, you will have access to a new
`ember` command in your terminal. You can use the `ember new` command to
create a new application.

```sh
ember new ember-quickstart
```

This one command will create a new directory called `ember-quickstart`
and set up a new Ember application inside of it.  Out of the box, your
application will include:

* A development server.
* Template compilation.
* JavaScript and CSS minification.
* ES2015 features via Babel.

By providing everything you need to build production-ready web
applications in an integrated package, Ember makes starting new projects
a breeze.

Let's make sure everything is working properly. `cd` into the application
directory `ember-quickstart` and start the development server by typing:

```sh
cd ember-quickstart
ember server
```

After a few seconds, you should see output that looks like this:

```text
Livereload server on http://localhost:49152
Serving on http://localhost:4200/
```

(To stop the server at any time, type Ctrl-C in your terminal.)

Open [`http://localhost:4200`](http://localhost:4200) in your browser
of choice. You should see an Ember welcome page and not much
else. Congratulations! You just created and booted your first Ember
app.

Let's create a new template using the `ember generate` command.

```sh
ember generate template application
```

The `application` template is always on screen while the user has your
application loaded. In your editor, open
`app/templates/application.hbs` and add the following:

```app/templates/application.hbs
<h1>PeopleTracker</h1>

{{outlet}}
```

Notice that Ember detects the new file and automatically reloads the
page for you in the background. You should see that the welcome page
has been replaced by "PeopleTracker". You also added an `{{outlet}}` to this page, which means that any nested route will be rendered in that place.

## Define a Route

Let's build an application that shows a list of scientists. To do that,
the first step is to create a route. For now, you can think of routes as
being the different pages that make up your application.

Ember comes with _generators_ that automate the boilerplate code for
common tasks. To generate a route, type this in your terminal:

```sh
ember generate route scientists
```

You'll see output like this:

```text
installing route
  create app/routes/scientists.js
  create app/templates/scientists.hbs
updating router
  add route scientists
installing route-test
  create tests/unit/routes/scientists-test.js
```

That's Ember telling you that it has created:

1. A template to be displayed when the user visits `/scientists`.
2. A `Route` object that fetches the model used by that template.
3. An entry in the application's router (located in `app/router.js`).
4. A unit test for this route.

Open the newly-created template in `app/templates/scientists.hbs` and add
the following HTML:

```app/templates/scientists.hbs
<h2>List of Scientists</h2>
```

In your browser, open
[`http://localhost:4200/scientists`](http://localhost:4200/scientists). You should
see the `<h2>` you put in the `scientists.hbs` template, right below the
`<h1>` from our `application.hbs` template.

Now that we've got the `scientists` template rendering, let's give it some
data to render. We do that by specifying a _model_ for that route, and
we can specify a model by editing `app/routes/scientists.js`.

We'll take the code created for us by the generator and add a `model()`
method to the `Route`:

```app/routes/scientists.js{+4,+5,+6}
import Ember from 'ember';

export default Ember.Route.extend({
  model() {
    return ['Marie Curie', 'Mae Jemison', 'Albert Hofmann'];
  }
});
```

(This code example uses the latest features in JavaScript, some of which
you may not be familiar with. Learn more with this [overview of the
newest JavaScript features][es6-bullet-points].)

[es6-bullet-points]: https://ponyfoo.com/articles/es6

In a route's `model()` method, you return whatever data you want to make
available to the template. If you need to fetch data asynchronously, the
`model()` method supports any library that uses [JavaScript
Promises][promises].

[promises]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise

Now let's tell Ember how to turn that array of strings into HTML. Open
the `scientists` template and add some Handlebars code to loop through the
array and print it:

```app/templates/scientists.hbs{+3,+4,+5,+6,+7}
<h2>List of Scientists</h2>

<ul>
  {{#each model as |scientist|}}
    <li>{{scientist}}</li>
  {{/each}}
</ul>
```

Here, we use the `each` helper to loop over each item in the array we
provided from the `model()` hook and print it inside an `<li>` element.

## Create a UI Component

As your application grows and you notice you are sharing UI elements
between multiple pages (or using them multiple times on the same page),
Ember makes it easy to refactor your templates into reusable components.

Let's create a `people-list` component that we can use
in multiple places to show a list of people.

As usual, there's a generator that makes this easy for us. Make a new
component by typing:

```sh
ember generate component people-list
```

Copy and paste the `scientists` template into the `people-list`
component's template and edit it to look as follows:

```app/templates/components/people-list.hbs
<h2>{{title}}</h2>

<ul>
  {{#each people as |person|}}
    <li>{{person}}</li>
  {{/each}}
</ul>
```

Note that we've changed the title from a hard-coded string ("List of
Scientists") to a dynamic property (`{{title}}`). We've also renamed
`scientist` to the more-generic `person`, decreasing the coupling of our
component to where it's used.

Save this template and switch back to the `scientists` template. Replace all
our old code with our new componentized version. Components look like
HTML tags but instead of using angle brackets (`<tag>`) they use double
curly braces (`{{component}}`). We're going to tell our component:

1. What title to use, via the `title` attribute.
2. What array of people to use, via the `people` attribute. We'll
   provide this route's `model` as the list of people.

```app/templates/scientists.hbs{-1,-2,-3,-4,-5,-6,-7,+8}
<h2>List of Scientists</h2>

<ul>
  {{#each model as |scientist|}}
    <li>{{scientist}}</li>
  {{/each}}
</ul>
{{people-list title="List of Scientists" people=model}}
```

Go back to your browser and you should see that the UI looks identical.
The only difference is that now we've componentized our list into a
version that's more reusable and more maintainable.

You can see this in action if you create a new route that shows a
different list of people. As an exercise for the reader, you may try to
create a `programmers` route that shows a list of famous programmers. By
re-using the `people-list` component, you can do it in almost no code at
all.

## Building For Production

Now that we've written our application and verified that it works in
development, it's time to get it ready to deploy to our users. To do so,
run the following command:

```sh
ember build --env production
```

The `build` command packages up all of the assets that make up your
application&mdash;JavaScript, templates, CSS, web fonts, images, and
more.

In this case, we told Ember to build for the production environment via
the `--env` flag. This creates an optimized bundle that's ready to
upload to your web host. Once the build finishes, you'll find all of the
concatenated and minified assets in your application's `dist/`
directory.

The Ember community values collaboration and building common tools that
everyone relies on. If you're interested in deploying your app to
production in a fast and reliable way, check out the [Ember CLI
Deploy][ember-deploy] addon.

[ember-deploy]: http://ember-cli-deploy.com/

If you deploy your application to an Apache web server, first create a new virtual host for the application.
To make sure all routes are handled by index.html,
add the following directive to the application's virtual host configuration
```
FallbackResource index.html
```
