source/tutorial/model-hook.md, before:

Now, let's add a list of available rentals to the index template. We know that rentals will not be static, since eventually users will be able to add, update or delete them.  For this reason, we will need a _rentals_ model to save information about the rentals. However, to keep things simple at first, our model is just going to be a hard-coded array of JavaScript objects. Later, we'll switch to using Ember Data, a library for robustly managing model data.

Here's what our homepage will look like when we're done:

![super rentals homepage with rentals list](../../images/models/super-rentals-index-with-list.png)

Since the route handler is responsible for loading model data, that's where we'll start. Let's open `app/routes/index.js` and add our hard-coded data as the model:

```app/routes/index.js
import Ember from 'ember';

var rentals = [{
  id: 1,
  title: 'Grand Old Mansion',
  owner: 'Veruca Salt',
  city: 'San Francisco',
  type: 'Estate',
  bedrooms: 15,
  image: 'https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cb/Crane_estate_(5).jpg'
}, {
  id: 2,
  title: 'Urban Living',
  owner: 'Mike TV',
  city: 'Seattle',
  type: 'Condo',
  bedrooms: 1,
  image: 'https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/0e/Alfonso_13_Highrise_Tegucigalpa.jpg'
}, {
  id: 3,
  title: 'Downtown Charm',
  owner: 'Violet Beauregarde',
  city: 'Portland',
  type: 'Apartment',
  bedrooms: 3,
  image: 'https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f7/Wheeldon_Apartment_Building_-_Portland_Oregon.jpg'
}];

export default Ember.Route.extend({
  model() {
    return rentals;
  },
});
```

If you haven't used the ES6 shorthand method definition syntax before, `model()` is the same as writing `model: function()`.

When we add special methods that the Ember framework will call, we often call them **hooks**. So here, we've added the model hook to our `index` route handler, which Ember will automatically call when a user enters the route.

The model hook returns our _rentals_ array, so that the data is now available to the _rentals_ template as the `model` property.

Now, let's switch over to our template. We can use the model data to display our list of rentals.  We'll use another common helper called `{{each}}` that will let us loop through each of the objects in our model.  Here is how our index template is updated:

```app/templates/index.hbs
<h1> Welcome to Super Rentals </h1>

We hope you find exactly what you're looking for in a place to stay.

{{#each model as |rental|}}
  <h2>{{rental.title}}</h2>
  <p>Owner: {{rental.owner}}</p>
  <p>Type: {{rental.type}}</p>
  <p>Location: {{rental.city}}</p>
  <p>Number of bedrooms: {{rental.bedrooms}}</p>
{{/each}}
```

Here we loop through each model object and call it _rental_. For each
rental, we create a listing with information about the property.

Commit message:

Tone for routes and Templates
Routes and templates trickier we v you corrections

Update tone and POV for model-hook

Tone and POV Ember Data

Tone and POV simple component

Updated to PR comments

Ember data better readability for `update config`

Clarify Mirage description

Update model hook to match recommendations

More over punctuation fixed

This comma got away from the blasters

source/tutorial/model-hook.md, after:

Now, let's add a list of available rentals to the index template. We know that rentals will not be static, since eventually users will be able to add, update, and delete them.  For this reason, we'll need a _rentals_ model to save information about the rentals. To keep things simple at first, we'll use a hard-coded array of JavaScript objects. Later, we'll switch to using Ember Data, a library for robustly managing data in our app.

Here's what our homepage will look like when we're done:

![super rentals homepage with rentals list](../../images/models/super-rentals-index-with-list.png)

In Ember, route handlers art responsible for loading model data.
Let's open `app/routes/index.js` and add our hard-coded data as the return value of the `model` hook:

```app/routes/index.js
import Ember from 'ember';

var rentals = [{
  id: 1,
  title: 'Grand Old Mansion',
  owner: 'Veruca Salt',
  city: 'San Francisco',
  type: 'Estate',
  bedrooms: 15,
  image: 'https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cb/Crane_estate_(5).jpg'
}, {
  id: 2,
  title: 'Urban Living',
  owner: 'Mike TV',
  city: 'Seattle',
  type: 'Condo',
  bedrooms: 1,
  image: 'https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/0e/Alfonso_13_Highrise_Tegucigalpa.jpg'
}, {
  id: 3,
  title: 'Downtown Charm',
  owner: 'Violet Beauregarde',
  city: 'Portland',
  type: 'Apartment',
  bedrooms: 3,
  image: 'https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f7/Wheeldon_Apartment_Building_-_Portland_Oregon.jpg'
}];

export default Ember.Route.extend({
  model() {
    return rentals;
  },
});
```

Here, we are using the ES6 shorthand method definition syntax: `model()` is the same as writing `model: function()`.

The `model` function acts as a **hook**, meaning that Ember will call it for us as during different times in our app. The model hook we've added to our `index` route handler will be called when a user enters the `index` route.

The `model` hook returns our _rentals_ array and passes it to our `index` template as the `model` property.

Now, let's switch over to our template. We can use the model data to display our list of rentals.  Here, we'll use another common Handlebars helper called `{{each}}` which will let us loop through each of the objects in our model:

```app/templates/index.hbs
<h1> Welcome to Super Rentals </h1>

We hope you find exactly what you're looking for in a place to stay.

{{#each model as |rental|}}
  <h2>{{rental.title}}</h2>
  <p>Owner: {{rental.owner}}</p>
  <p>Type: {{rental.type}}</p>
  <p>Location: {{rental.city}}</p>
  <p>Number of bedrooms: {{rental.bedrooms}}</p>
{{/each}}
```

In this template, we loop through each model object and call it _rental_. For each
rental, we then create a listing with information about the property.
